feat: Add publisher agent, merge code with streaming template (#324)
run-llama/create-llama: .changeset/flat-singers-share.md

---
"create-llama": patch
---

> Add publisher agent that generates artifact for the content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add publisher agent to multi-agents for generating documents (PDF and HTML)
```
